Hi everyone.
My name is Bryan Hansen, and welcome to my course, What's New in Spring 5.
I'm the Director of Development at Software Technology
Group and a long-time Pluralsight author.
It has been four years since the previous major release of the Spring framework,
and there are quite a few improvements and some major overhauls
in a few areas that you need to know about.
In this course,
we're going to learn about the changes introduced by this release
and how to adapt them into your code today.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include changes to the Spring core,
functional programming with Kotlin, reactive programming using WebFlux,
and changes to unit testing using JUnit 5.
By the end of this course,
you'll know about the introduced changes with this release in the API
and how to begin using the new functionality today.
Before beginning this course,
you should be familiar with Java and Spring development.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about what's new in Spring with the What's New in Spring 5 course at Pluralsight today.